around midnight on Sunday 23 hours two
hours the week is that they have radio
2.0 on nrj then we will start with
boys and you help tell us you
all at you girls who you have
favorite in male orgasm the guys that
makes you laugh and I just after we
do the cities then we start in
order I take the greece that I got
given alex and i call alex who is
alex alex and you look like the lookalike
official of 2 to reach it's him then
do you want to do us
so imagine t with the imagine you with
megan fox in bed kind waiting a
other pretty girl darling mme woerth is
charged niffer so the two senses beautiful
jennifer big can federating time
well I imagine time in the process of
make love you're having fun like a pig
I shout I imagine Imagine imagine
imagine it language screams like when I
already know what will take so
if you have
hard
the same okay anything listening
alex the official double of novak djokovic
vac djokovic the herbs we listen to you
alas ok it works more attention
noisy whore
Oh
[Music]
of course the lazy press
just after these eight very pretty girl ah
yeah well g8 who will do it in 2
minutes you will see the contest
it's the contest of a guy the most
visually impressive that we have
it's beautiful I hope it's going to be
feel like I'm calling the number of
jack hill and ok ocak the least side
jack it's gone tattoo we're listening you
want attention second orgasm listen
well
it's the organ
what are you doing in the life of jacques moi
I'm studying to what and to
bordeaux languages ok ok
you only have to buy 18 years old and
lives after an apartment in bordeaux
stéphane bordeau the base not of the
rochelle okay was well soon and has
put a headband yeah that's nice as
host city after a small apartment
students etc
well it's good m listen on
he applauded he preferred who prefer
Hills and lasts longer he has not
he has not checked when you go to
it
tel the man who makes m 28 the giant
the man who may 6 on the tip of
feet you can from doctors tip of
feet you touch almost 20 cm from
ceiling what are you doing in life you 're
basketball players I imagine so I did
but I had to stop was too big
risks and the wrist the problems of
health ok ok ok and so
now you make you more afraid of
everything I do sports but still
[Music]
the bike okay fine and you do
what in life otherwise I can nothing
do even agree agree agree
with you so I'm 21 now
and it's still time you know
mission is welcome but you well
precious but my microphone is too low
for you it's going to be the highest
possible to count costs I just
do I have a friend
the guy's costs and we listen to you
10 seconds
[Music]
loved but I wonder if and and that's
really gone or what you really have
bravo to handle these cases
we will ask until now
attention before last then just after
we do
the eight
the v8 is quickly female orgasm is one
now you put the pictures on
the facebook was going to see but wait for you
have seen the photos I like the standard I
am falling at the moment of
to turn to wait jean claude and pretty
lady comes to the families I you I you
swear impressive is the
would hear more about ourselves and at all
which is good but be careful
we paid them we found them on
know we called the manikin
burgundy bordeaux nice and burgundy
levy girl who have spent tonight go
see guillaume at radio 2.0 on nrj I
already see it like the light for I
already see the bi his balance of
salacious comments raise rates
lower I take live
this is in any case it's nice to be
with you in bordeaux the hashtag
guillaume radio on nrj in my city
do not put you all the evening
so your name is hicham is
welcome because it is at the origin in
praying till the Breton essay talent and
the bretons heap yeah ben listening
welcome approach you I served well
we're going there we already had to do it here at
your danaf no
ie until bogdanov no but
nor the tendency thanks to the assembly
just sorry joke by going there ten cases
when you want 3 platform 2 1 it's gone
[Applause]
[Music]
their gainsbourg
but victor last break in visit was going
Well, but victor knows we've already done
the qte with you it's laser guard
what are we listening to when you go victorious
good then nico is the one who has the
bigger beaks out there he has the bigger ones
did that girls he said rich linseed to
once said no
nicolas brie what do you have
all heard these sms the voice often of
ceremonies anyway we were singing then
6th road of the night road is at
present the group facebook coins and
ingots
that's it we kiss his name of all
those who are on the roads and the
night salute complained of truckers
who roams the night obviously like his
name indicated because otherwise it is in the
bay of san siro there and you you
What then find transport here
for the truckers tcs big up wished
to bring
now we do not hear the big up
coup since I was a good in any case
we listen to you takaniko 24 24 hop I cut
I cut everything and I go back he is
silent this time it does not
would not be a laptop she was cutting the
guys otherwise call you back to aa
hi and welcome to the end of video
youtube can click on two videos
who here has the one up and leave
mad a mother is very upset
on page the parents of the fol made July
scared I called with that voice there I
said I was going there you are
unfortunately we were downright
stop the game it's gone too far and
right nick for your good and I
see to leave because tonight head in front
your door
yeah I may be under his bed and
I may be in your closet
toilet when he typed the night is
obese we find guillaume on facebook
and guillaume radio 2.0 on nrj and on
twitter
tap that please
[Music]